[DatePicker] Initial commit (#3451)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/date-time-picker/date-time-picker.md

---
title: React Date Time Picker component
components: DateTimePicker,DesktopDateTimePicker,MobileDateTimePicker,StaticDateTimePicker
githubLabel: 'component: DateTimePicker'
packageName: '@mui/x-date-pickers'
materialDesign: https://material.io/components/date-pickers
---

# Date Time Picker

<p class="description">Combined date & time picker.</p>

This component combines the date & time pickers. It allows the user to select both date and time with the same control.

> Note that this component is the [DatePicker](/components/pickers/date-picker/) and [TimePicker](/components/pickers/time-picker/)

Reviewer: I don't know why, but in the peview: this link redirect to "/material-ui/pickers/date-picker/"

Reviewer 2: That's the logic from the core repo. It should be fine when we enable the redirects.

Author: Good catch, I did not updated the links in the pages
The pickers docs will never be released on the old structure, so we can change them

Author: https://github.com/mui/mui-x/pull/3451/commits/7d74bfb0afca8766f3baef95c86264682c37a53b

I think I got them all

> Note that this component is the [DatePicker](/components/pickers/date-picker/) and [TimePicker](/components/pickers/time-picker/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this component is the [DatePicker](/x/react-date-pickers/date-picker/) and [TimePicker](/x/react-date-pickers/time-picker/)
```
